This paper is an extension from the reference [21] by adding two
additional user intent disambiguation algorithms, which utilize entropy
and KL divergence, and compares them to a baseline algorithm (greedy)
and an inversed legibility algorithm (heuristic). The major
contributions of this paper is introducing the concept of information
to the intention inference and tested its feasibility using simulation
tests.


The paper is well divided into sections and each section briefly but
accurately writes down how the authors designed the algorithms and
prepared the shared control system using a pin robot and a 6-DoF robot
arm simulation. Sentences are written clearly and easy to understand.
One unclear issue is the presence of Dynamic Neural Field (DNF)
approaches. Because the KL and Entropy algorithm utilizes the intent
inference algorithms of heuristic, Bayesian, and dynamic neural field
approaches. The other two algorithms were applied in this paper, but
the usage of the DNS approach is not explicitly written.


Through this paper, most of terms are salient but I suggest changing
one of those terms to improve the readability. For me, Total Amount of
Assistance, read as the quantity while the value is the ratio between
the assistance time to the total trial time in each trial. It depends
on authors, but 'Assistance Rate' or 'Temporal Ratio of Assistance'
could be candidates. I have the similar suggestion to the Y-axis labels
in Figure 4. Also, the terms used in the text and the labels in the
figure are not matched well that might induce low readability.


My major concern in this paper is the unclear selection of test
condition in the second experiment. The authors suggested two user
intention disambiguation algorithms of ENT and KL, and ENT was always
superior to KL in all metrics except for the onset time in R^3 and
SE(2) and the total assistance in SE(2). The metrics to which ENT was
superior to, the significance levels of them were high with p < 0.001.
For SE(6) space, ENT was always superior to KL. 


For the rigid experiment design, it is natural to compare the four
methods in the robot-arm simulation as the authors did in the
point-robot simulation because the actual autonomy is changed. If the
authors intended to emphasize the quality of enhanced intention
inference of the suggested methods, KL and ENT should be compared to
GRD or ENT should be compared to GRD at least because it showed better
performance. 


Overall, the proposed method seems working with the point-robot
simulations but it is unclear to convince readers for its feasibility
to the 6DoF robotic arm. Therefore I cannot put this paper's
contribution as high.